<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <title>FAQ</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>FAQ</h1>
    <p>
FAQ

Q- What is a BLANK card?

A- The BLANK card is like the key to a unique digital safe deposit box.
The private key that is used to open the box is coded into the secure chip within the card. The card holder can securely transfer ‘access rights’ to the contents of the box by simply handing over the card.The card can only be used to access the box which can contain Bitcoin digital currency


Q - How does a BLANK card work?

A - The BLANK card provides physical cold storage of Bitcoin digital assets. The card is contactless so you can verify the amount of Bitcoin with an NFC enabled phone and the BLANK app. Deposit Bitcoin to the card and use it as a gift or payment.


Q - How does the BLANK card hold Bitcoin?

A - All bitcoins are locked into a global ledger called the blockchain. Only the owner of the private key can update the ledger to move their Bitcoin to another address. The card provides a secure way to store a private key and hold Bitcoin.


Q - How can I see the amount of Bitcoin?

A-  You can use the BLANK app to check to see if the card is genuine, verify the current amount of Bitcoin and current EURO value. Download our Android or iOS app, bring the card near the reader and you are ready to go!


Q - Can I deposit / increase the amount of Bitcoin held?

A - Yes.You can add Bitcoin to a card in two ways:
 1.Click on the Address details in the BLANK app. This will copy the address to the clipboard on your device. You can then send funds to this card from another wallet or paste the address in an email / message to receive a payment.
2. Scan the QR code in the BLANK app. You can safely share the screen and send funds to the card from another phone.


Q - Can I withdraw / decrease the amount of Bitcoin held?

A - No.We suggest that you purchase another card if you need to use a card with a lower amount of Bitcoin. Multiple low value cards will be more useful than a single card and spread the risk of theft or loss.






Q - How can I transfer / make a payment with the card?

A - Thats easy! You can physically transfer the keycard from person to person, both secure in the knowledge that the contents cannot be accessed by anyone else, without ever needing to trust a third party. The card makes a great gift or special present for family and friends.


Q - How can I be sure that the card is secure?

A - The BLANK card has an EAL6+ certified smart chip that acts as a secure element.
Using cryptography, your private keys and sensitive information are safely isolated within the secure chip and never leave it.
The public address and private key generation are done through co-generated entropy..This ensures a high level of security as the keys are not pre-generated during the manufacturing process. Both the card manufacturer and the card issuer have no way to access the information contained on your card.


Q - How long will the card last?

A - The manufacturer's expected lifespan of the card is 10 years. If you are looking for a long-term cold storage solution for your Bitcoin, we recommend using 12 KEYS (webpage link)


Q - What does ‘Sealed’ mean?

A - In the BLANK App, the closed padlock symbol and the word Sealed indicates that the private key has NOT been accessed .The holder has NEVER had access to the private key. The funds are secure and you can accept the card in exchange or transaction. 


Q - What does ‘Unsealed’ mean?

A - In the BLANK App, the open padlock symbol and the word Unsealed indicates that the private key has been accessed by unlocking the card. 

DO NOT ACCEPT the card in exchange or transaction as the funds can be transferred from the address without your knowledge or permission.


Q - What does the Green / Red shield mean?

A - The colour of the shield indicates the authenticity of the card and card issuer. The card and app use a cryptographic mechanism to check whether the card is authentic based on a unique digital certificate issued for each card and verified with a trusted PKI. 

ALWAYS CHECK to ensure that there is a GREEN shield showing in the app when the card is connected.


Q - Can somebody steal the contents of my card?

A - No. Only the issuer can perform sensitive operations such as unsealing and revealing a private key.





Q - What happens if I lose or damage the card?

A - The physical holder of the card is the owner of the private key and the associated Bitcoin funds. There is no second key, copy or backup -  so if you lose your card, you lose your funds.  Look after your card!


Q - Is it safe to let my friend scan my card?

A - Yes. You can safely let another person scan the card with their BLANK app to check the balance. But remember that the card is like a (high value) banknote so proceed with caution!


Q - Is there a password?

A - No, there is no password nor seedphrase. The physical holder of the card is the owner of the private key and the Bitcoin funds.


Q - Can i use the card to pay at the shops?

A- Your card looks like a bank card but you cannot use it to pay with at most shops (yet). 
But it is a great way to increase awareness and onboard new merchants. Try paying with a BLANK card today!


Q - Where can i buy more cards?

A - Visit our website blank.works to see the full range of card designs available



</p>
</body>
</html>
